DIARY ENTRY 1 02/10/2020
In this lesson me and my team where given a task of making a game that was based around the idea of applying for a job and locating what skills would be desirable for this position. Once we had done this, we would also need to work on designing the game and having it play tested, once this was complete there was also a presentation that we had to make. My class was split into groups and we had to begin immediately, unfortunately for Me and my team we lost time trying to connect to each other in an online call that a few of us were not able to join. We though the online chat would ultimately save us time, that it would lead us to a way we could communicate easily though the time that we lost would prove valuable for our project.
Once my team began to formulate ideas, we would come up with a concept for a game quite quickly. We agreed upon making a board game where the objective was to work your way across the board and the players would need to acquire skills that would help them towards getting a chosen job that we predetermined at the start of the game. More and more ideas where put into this concept to eventually would lead to us having our final idea. Once we had our idea we then had to move on to our other task set at the start of our lesson but by the time we had finally stopped trying to confirm what ideas where going into the game and what we where taking out we realised we had spent most of our time on the ideas side of this project. The reason I feel that this happened was down to the simple fact we where not on an online call together, I believe if we where then we could of come to understandings quicker and dedicated different tasks to our group members easier. As well talking over each other in text-based chat was difficult with the amount of ideas we where throwing into the mix. I do not think the amount of ideas provided was fully a bad thing as this showed passion and determination to make something good as a team, but unfortunately it would prove to be a big reason as to why we where not able to complete the full project requirements.
With 15 minuets left on the clock we started to make a presentation whilst one of the group members made a board design for the game. As we worked on the presentation, we also had to delicate who would read each individual section of the presentation out to the rest of our classmates. I was given the how it works section, the presentation and the board design I think was good but there was not a lot of cross communication so at certain times during our presentation it felt like we were repeating ourselves as different members of our team worked on different slides. We where not able to create a final design for this game or have it play tested in the future I think it would be best once the teams have been chosen to delicate certain amounts of time to each side of the project and try make sure these are completed in an efficient time frame.
In conclusion I do not believe this was a bad first attempt. though we were help back by circumstances that where sometimes down to our lack of organization, even though that is the case I do believe this was a valuable learning experience for our group and will help us in the future.
