Dairy Entry 09 10 2020
In this lesson we where given a similar objective to our last lesson which was to make a board/card game around the concept of territorial acquisition, we where given a description of what we needed to include in our game and what we where expected to include. Once we were separated into our teams, I set out immediately to get my team into a voice chat so we could communicate with each other more effectively. We where able to get the ball rolling with ideas quite quickly but based on my last experience I learned to not waste to much time on this part of the creative process as the team would need enough time for the rest of the creative process.
The game we deiced to make was a board game where the board was a hexagon grid where players could move from hexagon to hexagon capturing these spaces for themselves as they go. These would be represented by flags left by the player as you would need to keep track of which player had which territory. One of the core mechanics about our game was its battle system, this would start when one player tried to take another players territory, the battle system was based on the cards the players would start with and collect as they would move across territory’s. These cards had four category’s military strength, intelligence, unit size and espionage each card would have a different number on each of these categories.
when the battle would start the players would both roll a dice who ever got the highest number would deiced what category these players would use to fight, then both players would select a card from there card pool and reveal them to there opponents at the same time whoever having the highest number within the chosen category winning. Once the battle was over the players would discard these cards which would be redistributed once all cards had been used. The way the game would end is by a player controlling the board wins or by the end of turn thirty the winner being the one with the most territories captured. I really enjoyed making the concept for this game it was an interesting concept that me and my team ran with quite well. 
We did section of enough time for working on the presentation and design ideas but unfortunately with the scope of the game that we had made we did not have enough time for play testing so unfortunately could not get any feed back on the game itself. The presentation went well I believe the feedback we received was breaking down our presentation to smaller bite size bullet points rather then having a wall of text that is hard to follow.
In conclusion I believe this season went a lot better then last time as we where able to be more organized and focus more on the prestation and design rather than spending majority of our time on our ideas.
